---
page_title: "Provider: Prismatic"
description: The Prismatic provider is used to interact with Prismatic's API.
---

# Prismatic Provider

The [Prismatic](https://prismatic.io/) provider is used to interact with [Prismatic's API](https://prismatic.io/docs/api/api-overview/)
to configure resources within a Prismatic organization.

It provides resources that allow you to create and manage Integrations, publish Components, and more as part of a Terraform deployment.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources and data sources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "prismatic" {
  url           = "<domain>"
  refresh_token = "<token>"
}
```

~> Hard-coding credentials into any Terraform configuration is not recommended and risks secret leakage should this
file ever be committed to a public version control system. See [Environment Variables](#environment-variables) for a
better alternative.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `refresh_token` (String) A [refresh token to use for headless authentication](https://prismatic.io/docs/cli/cli-usage/#headless-prism-usage-for-cicd-pipelines) to the Prismatic API.
- `token` (String) Access token use has been deprecated in favor of using refresh tokens. Please migrate provider configuration to use the new refresh_token attribute instead.
- `url` (String) URL of the Prismatic stack to communicate with. Defaults to the value of the `PRISMATIC_URL` environment variable.

## Environment Variables

You can provide your credentials using the `PRISMATIC_URL` and `PRISMATIC_REFRESH_TOKEN` environment variables.

```terraform
provider "prismatic" {}
```

### Example Usage
```shell
PRISMATIC_URL="<domain>" \
PRISMATIC_REFRESH_TOKEN="<token>" \
terraform plan
```

## Importing Resources

To import existing Prismatic resources you will need to know their ID. You can use the 
[Prismatic API Explorer](https://prismatic.io/docs/explorer/) to find resource IDs.